BookB-Pset_GeoScienceFeatureTypeFault (#621)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/f/FaultSlipDirection_1Bo9zfmPXBcf$1nNl3sOVz/Documentation.md

> Observed relative displacement direction of the hangingwall (top) to the footwall, e.g. up. Down, left, right or combinations (like top down - left).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observed relative displacement direction of the hanging wall (top) to the foot wall, e.g. up, down, left, right or combinations (like top down - left).
```
